Gongh. Because it really means the practice is going on, all starting on the counter-pellation
is going on. That means upholding the teaching of the Buddha. So it's very special. And then
the teaching is also dedicated to bringing joy and peace, harmony to all living beings, and then
finally, uprooting everyone's ignorance, attachment, anger. Those are the really reasons
that we're ringing the gongh. So in the teaching, you can meditate. Think of this. When you're
ringing the gongh, think of that. You're called to calling every disciple of the greatest teacher,
Buddha Shakyamuni. Come here. Now we are going to expound. Teaching, or practicing the teaching,
join with us, target those who like to do. There is a teaching, one verse said,
"Whoever you are, throw out three times, three thousand-fold universe, wherever the disciples
of the greatest teacher, if you'd like to participate through these practices or starting
counter-pellation things, please come now and join with us right now." So that is really the
indication of this, the ringing of the gongh. And also in the teaching said, when the Buddha
enters the Mahāprāri nirvana at that moment, or right soon, the Buddha enters the Mahāprāri nir
vana,
then they get the post-gathering, post-congregation and big gathering to kind of collecting,
gathering all the Buddha teachings that next year. Just before that, they ring the gongh. It's not
exactly gongh. In Buddhism, they have many kind of different gonghs or different instrumentals.
One is a stake, a long stake, kind of almost like this side, and then you hold up here and then
there's another stake that you beat that gongh, that stake, slowly and slowly. And there is one
great Arhada, who is meditating on the mountain slops of the mountain Sumeru, and he heard that
sound. What is this is? It is like kind of untimely, untimely making this, or unusual,
usually making this gongh ringing. What is this? And then through his meditation, he realized
Buddha has entered already Mahāprāri nirvana. So then, for that reason, Sangha is calling
everyone
to come join and to recollect all his teachings. So then, also immediately, he came. So this is one
of the kind of examples of that. And then also in the teachings, when you ring the gongh,
and generally gongh symbolize also in some teachings, not some, quite a few teachings
mentioned, this gongh is symbolized as a Pāṇḍyapāramata. Pāṇḍyapāramata, when you ring
the gongh,
that is sound of emptiness, sound of emptiness. So really, you're ringing. And also, the way the
sound is coming, this is the great teacher, the Buddha Shājāma, gives the teachings on the
interdependent connection or interdependent coordination. We say it is sound of the gongh.
Every sound of gongh is the principle, but sound that's not just coming from, only from the gongh.
If there is no that mistake, it won't come. If there is no individual heartbeat, it won't come.
If there is no standing of that, that is not going to come. So that sound is coming from the
stake, that sound is coming from the gongh, or sound is coming from the individual, where it is.
It's a combination of all. That's just immediately. There are so many factors.
All young children, they met that sound. So this is sound of the emptiness, sound of the peace,
sound of harmonics, sound of the waking up, sound of the dispelling, the ignorance.
So there is that really thought. And then when he rang the gongh, he made this rang the gongh,
and up, lifting, and the light, and the teaching of the greatest teacher, Buddha Shājāma,
that made a very long teaching, lasted a long time, made it become the cause to bring the joy
and the peace, happiness for all living beings. And all those beautiful motivations and intentions,
we should rank that. Those are the teachings mentioned in that. So then also see this is the
emptiness, sound of emptiness, sound of the Pandya Paramata. As we joined 21 less words
that pointed out the teaching by Gaurabhema Sambha. The sound of emptiness is the sound of
a tourist one as we joined. So this is really like as like immediately pointing out of the sound
emptiness. And then not just the everything is like that kind of that similar situation, similar
status. So those are the kind of story and related with the gongh. Okay, so thank you.